dot dot files
=============

Dann's dotfiles.  Make yourself at home.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before setting this up, you'll really want to have git and RVM installed.  Git should be installed through whatever package manager yo're using, and RVM is installed with:

	$ bash < <(curl -s https://rvm.beginrescueend.com/install/rvm)

Installation
------------

First, clone the repo to the new home folder

	$ git clone https://danndalf@github.com/danndalf/.dotfiles.git

Next, link the freshly cloned dotlings into their new homes

	$ ./.dotfiles/install

This will go through and backup any existing dotfiles into `~/.dotfiles/backups`.

Maintenance
-----------

Before making any changes to the dotfile collection on github, you'll need to setup your SSH keys to be able to read from the repository.  Once this is in place, change from the read-only HTTP url to the read/write GIT url with the following:

	$ git remote set-url origin git://github.com/danndalf/.dotfiles.git

Once this is in place, you can make any changes you like to the dotfile repository:

To add a dotfile to this collection, run:

	$ dotadd .screenrc

To remove a dotfile from this collection, run:

	$ dotrm .screenrc

To push a change on a dotfile to the github repo, run:

	$ dotpush .screenrc "here is a description of what I changed"

To sync dotfiles with the github repo, run:

	$ dotpull

To see which files have local changes, run:

	$ dotstat

To see what's changed in a local tile, run:

	$ dotdiff .screenrc

Documentation
-------------

Utility documentation is available in the doc/ directory, autogenerated from source comments.  To regenerate this documentation, run:

	$ rdoc install uninstall bin/* -N

Uninstallation
--------------

Do the above in reverse:

	$ ./.dotfiles/uninstall

This will tell you if it had trouble restoring any backed up files.  You may need to handle some of those manualy.

	$ rm -rf ~/.dotfiles

Have fun!

License
-------

.dotfiles is available under the GNU GPL, version 3.  Full details are in LICENSE.txt in this distribution.

